feat(android): support socketName selector and control installing driver (#13126)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-androidwebview.md

Connects to the WebView and returns a regular Playwright [Page] to interact with.

## async method: AndroidWebView.pages
- returns: <[Page[]]>

> Connects to the WebView and returns many regular Playwright [Page] to interact with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connects to the WebView and returns multiple Playwright [Page] objects to interact with.
```

Reviewer: Looks like yet another feature, separate PR please!
